So at the library a person and their person in their person with their person or
whatever learned about fax's and then they being god of whatever USA thought i
was saying facts.

So these assholes make some really funny fax's at the library and we make jokes
and good and true fax and stuff like that.

so at the drop spot outside there is a paper which looked like it was mailed an
stamped by trimet for 100 dollars, i read it in my head.

What did you hear in your head or ears or whatever the fuck when i was just
reading something random?

Do you trust brain communication as a human or trust the communication from a
human brain thats not from the human brain because human brains cant do
telepathy?

I dunnnoooooo.

oh and its god of USA god christian GOD or whatever that fucks up those words,
its the game USA god and the USA government thought would be best to kill me and
make me commit sucide or make everyone hate me so they kill me or hire everyone
to try and fight me so i get arrested and killed, ive already been raped so i
guess i wont commit sucide, no one is shooting at me, you already killed and
raped my friends without really making it obvious but it was obvious you were
doing that to the residents at PORTLAND TOWERS APPARTMENTS 950 sw 21st ave
portland oregon, who also have never been talked to outside of when they were at
the appartment raping them and claiming it wasnt them it was god in them. LOL.
(I was raping god while they were doing that to my neighbors)

sooo... doing all that to my neighbors and my friends and killing and raping
them was supposed to make me commit sucide.

also the wrong info isnt coming from the people who want to see the human race
succeed, and have the planet remain nuteral like the contacts we signed, and
basically everyone is wondering why the fuck this is still going on and why
humans think they control god's and godesses and the supernatural between human
and actual real full higher gods (gender nuteral).

Yeah, even the bugs and all are on defense from this stupid shit, library UFO
crew knows whats good,

just saying..

allies of earth are like, do we have to kill off all these humans too to save
the planet that shouldnt be fucked with like this to begin with?
