- youtube crash course videos on whatever is of interest at the time

- pixel art, ai art, non-ai art, online and offline

- park maybe? (WA and mt.Tabor)

- They can watch me drop resumes and look at menus
  - menu reading when going to new places to apply

- Force by asking to make my voice not be so fucking loud for no reason because
  they just want me to get kicked out of the library or wherever i am

- laugh and smile and hang out and wonder why so many people say the dumbest
  shit and try to fight and attack me for being happier than them. Humans and
  Gods and in between included, because its stupid that it happens and makes no
  sense at all.

- Sing some songs with people and street perform as well if theres time, then
  wonder why everyone wants to kill me after i laugh and smile even when its
  just me laughing and smiling and no one else because some human wants to be
  god or something so they call my voice a girls voice even when my voice just
  sounds like a regular ass dude or a demon which means its a girls voice? Then
  wonder why they thing "my" gods and godesses which are just high level
  civilizations and their civilians and people hanging out and wondering why
  humans are so stupid with some of the stupidest gods ever. And wonder why
  everyone asks me for drugs i dont do and then fights me for being a drug
  addict when i havent even smokes much weed even in the last year +. Wonder why
  the government wants me dead still because im trying to make a buisness and
  live in america and it has nothing to do with politics or any of them or even
  what they did to me and my friends because its just a company to hang out and
  entertain people.

- wonder why the american government wont let my stream happen and they want to
  kill us all in portland because we are american civilians.

- We can walk around and wonder why i am homeless and the american government is
  forcing it with a bitch ass non-god of earth because they dont want people
  like the norse or the Aesir and Vanir or the ice giants to talk to any
  civilian because they might know what they already know.

- Force me sedihglow, aka 537-23-1349 to be homeless so people who visit earth
  or america that are not human get shit on by humans hired by the american
  government and their god and harasses constantly so we can start a war with
  other planets in the name of the human government the United States of
  America government who's president is Biden, human.

- Wonder why the United States American Government thinks everyone is a clone
  and its okay to kill off scientists engineers and civilians because a native
  american names james, sedihglow on the human internet, 537-23-1349, didnt kill
  himself when the USA government went after him to make him commit suicide
  because hes a native american who had a blood line in america before it was
  taken over by other civilizations that were human, then I didnt, so they sent
  god after me, and now the world knows that you kill off civilians to complete
  genocide and no native's graduate school because the USA government kills them
  off before they graduate and im the only native USA in america who knows how
  to program a computer.

- Wonder why all these humans are working with the god trying to kill off a
  nuteral planet like Earth and wonder why the government of the USA doesnt talk
  to me, james,Aesir and Vanir and wonder why the governments excuse is always ITS NOT ACTUALLY
  HIM, and when it comes to my friends, ITS NOT ACTUALLY THEM SO ITS A CLONE SO
  RAPE AND KILL THEM IN THE NAME OF USA GOD AND GOVERNMENT. which happened.

- Wonder why i cant get a job because humans who live in Portland think its okay
  to have money and etc. teleported to them off tourists and people who live
  here so they will do anything at all cost to kill me, rob me, prevent me from
  getting a job, and prevent me from having a place to live because the human
  who is not mind controled by any god or any species that can possess any human
  wants to feel like they have a personal god and they are a god themselves to
  other humans.... theres alot of those.

- Wonder why the American USA government is sending people in from out of the
  state to harrass one person who they could not commit suicide and they are
  always just idiots who get mad at someone laughing or smiling and living their
  life as best as possible while trying to come up with ideas for a buisness.

- what else???

--------------------

- Go over some Norse stuff and their ice giants and opponent stuff and see what
  kind of stories we have told about them.

- See what games and game universes have about the norse and other mythical
  creatures to show how badass or shitty we think of them in that particular
  game.

- funny reading of the native thea book done right because shits hilarious.

- Play a video game.

- maybe let them do some type racer in some cool ways if they can posess.

- come up with cool ideas the engineering and tech commuity can do tech stuff
  with creatures that cant use our computers or keyboards.
Aesir and Vanir
- show how i made the stupid smoking picture that looks like i have big lipstick
  lips that the peeps from a nearby planet do pixel art with thats like
  syncronized swimming.

- new music that isnt the same ol shit i played forever because i was owning
  face.

- recover my phone and get on the cloud to recover the pictures and stuff i
  took.

- watch some movies or shows or twitch stuff they might be interested in topic
  or genre wise.

- come up with ideas or entertainment for particular species or their friends or
  their societys or civilizations that have differnt types of people that can do
  or are interested in different things, particularly the ones i am hanging out
  with currently that is, at the moment labeled ice giant crew which even has
  some of their opponents paying attention sometimes which was so fucking long
  ago they might not be opponents anymore but who cares because earth is
  supposed to be a neutral party for all these highly advances and evolved
  species. That includes the ones with brain defects like God, GOD, GOd, GoD,
  gOd, gOD, god, gOd, goD. GOT IT.

- Maybe have them on stream or on the show, if the stream gets any views anyway.
  The norse and whatever crew thats with us not counting the stupid yahweh
  gaurds who have no fun and need to die too along with the yahwehs (see the
  caps of gods), basically the monotheistic ones.)

- Basically have as good a time as possible, and figure out these visitors
  interests and show some cool stuff, ideally cool stuff not just human but also
  things like the pixel art, but now all of the yahwehs and their yahwehs and
  the yahwehs army think that means do whatever you want to show something cool.

- Put a loop to the government and all the yahwehs that just want to attack me
  james because its getting the yahwehs out or its attacking them for the
Aesir and Vanir  yahwehs or its attacking them for the yahwehs to control sediglows body and
  mind so their life isnt shitty anymore when it will still be shitty and they
  are just trying to help destroy the planet they are on and they die anyway.

- Add to list if any other interests come up during the day today!

- Make a scedule before hitting the bed tonight with the ideas listed.

- Maybe some programming topics

- Travelers problem and stories about my sedihglow signature for receipts, the
  symbol that came from it, and when i figured out a cool way to show it. (not
  spilling it all here)

- Tomato story if i can get a job and talk to a real human and we have the same
  interests like FOOD because its about food, which every species understands
  because no matter what any species needs sustinance and some kind of food,
  even if its like plants and it comes from sunlight. Food = energy = ability to
  live its not confusing god. Happy i called you god.

- wonder why these bitch ass gods from the USA goverment human, tell me to leave
  the country while the government i am under and a civilian who has never
  commited a crime, EVER, whose entire life is recorded because i was native,
  used a computer, and learned to program, and didnt kill myself, wont let me
  make money, they contact everyone i apply to and threaten them with god, rape
  and deportation so i cant leave the country while they tell their "gods" to
  tell me it stops if i leave the country, while they pay people to come into
  portland and attack and kill people in the name of sedihglow, which makes no
  sense, because the government is stupid, and we all know.

- Is this confusing?
