Discord username sedih_66161
Sedihglow is the aka
https://discord.gg/gx7wgnW6bz

DISCORD LINK, ITS WORTH, START JOINING AND ILL MAKE THE DISCORD BETTER, POST
IDEAS FOR ICE GIANTS IN THE CHAT! Tree throwing competitions in the mountians is
one of the more recent ideas for the company, we trying to make space glactix
cash for these dietys, gods, godessess, and the supernatural and etc.

https://discord.gg/gx7wgnW6bz

github mother_nature_entertainment for our stories that are basically all 100%
fucking true and people are dead just because im native american and can program
a computer and didnt commit sucide so the government sent god after me me me me
me mem mememe.

Feel free to hit me up, phone got stolen by homeland security but i might get it
back, they call the telecom companies as my mom and well... try to remove my
number so you cant see god mind control a cop and a security gaurd showing how
stupid the USA god is.

Uhm...

its fucking hilarious, sad and true on the discord, twitch.tv will come once
things settle down and i get a job where homeland security doesnt kill someone
or threaten rape or deportation just because i leave a resume and want to make
money, work 7 days a week, make 2 companies, start a stream, be a cook and an
engineer. Its a little stupid.

Entertainment company is mother nature entertainment and has two people hired
who dont make shit from me, Trump and Hassan Abi, which are polar opposites and
perfect for the entertainment company's first employees who have been employed
for over a year for R and D and story boarding and setting up the company at
some point.

Uhm, im James Michael Ross, here ya go join the real chat not the brain god
godess problem fake god and homeland security in your head as a god chat, we
only on discord right now. ITS NO SECRET SO DONT WORRY.

https://discord.gg/gx7wgnW6bz

We know who all the problems are in the "higher" realm than humans, and they
will ask if I know, or if someone i know or me is ACTUALLY THEM, and thats the
USA human government asking, and the person not being them is their excuse to
imprison my friends, pass the around for rape, and kill them because its not
them no matter how much proof there is.


and the USA government hasnt contacted me a single time. And they did all this
to my friends and people i have met just becaue.... uh.... well... i havent even
talked to anyone i know IN LITERALL OVER A YEAR AND A HALF, and its stupid
because its friends or people that have nothing to do with me like snoop dog and
shit. its fucking dumb. i just listen to their music.


ITS WORTH JOINING THE DISCORD, i stream at the library, once i get a place to
live the stream is gonna be FIRE and on twitch i am gonna be a character persona
i havent figured out yet.

Me and witch #3 do an AMAZING Machinarium stream.

Theres alot of awesome that can be done if not for all the weird ass shit the
USA is doing with "god" to try and control all civilians and take over other
countries in war with a god on their side.

its so fucking stupid.

im just entertaining some new friends i met that are of the norse mythology type
civilizations, just some peeps on a neutral planet where the USA wants us to
have war with other planets at this point because USA things "god" is the god of
the universe.

its so fucking stupid.

HERES THE LINK.
https://discord.gg/gx7wgnW6bz
