so i am at PSU engineering and i am a psu student. So i am on my laptop and
campus saftey comes in without being called because they work for USA government
for this one, and they try to kick me out where i am obviously targeted. They
	called me homeless and asked me about hte unit circle, i laughed
	histarically then the bitch ass said he was going to force me out of the
	building and break all my shit, live streamed, and i told him to call
	the cops, and the building security for the engineering building and the
	fourth avenue building which is owned by portland government came down
	and asked me about the square root fo 2pi, i countered with square root
	of 1, imaginary number stuff,


	the asshole who said my conduct was poor
	when they originally came to kick an engineer out of their engineering
	school said i was there and would be arrested on tresspassing, and it
	ended with them giving me an expulsion for poor conduct when i got
	between him and my computer he was about to destroy.
	They never give me time to leave, and always try to make me fight the
	cops or the security so i get arrested, even when i do get my things to
	leave and they always try to do the stupid shit to get me killed by
	cops.

	So it turns out, you cant kick and expel and engineer from engineering
	school for being an engineer as an engineer. And he said i was
	homeless, wouldnt let me prove who i was, the cops who came did not even
	ask me for my ID, and campus security didnt let me prove who i was on my
	laptop because homeland security stole my student ID, they said they
	were there to kick a homeless person out for tresspassing and apparently
	that means i get expelled for tresspassing at the school i go to as an
	engineer in the engineering building when engineering has their own
	rules separate from PSU.

	The cops other than 1 who was a dick little bitch who threatened me with
	a gun if i didnt get my things and leave in 5 minutes while the rest of
	the cops were ready to pull on him for killing me for the USA government
	was a stupid fucking idiot and said some of the dumbest pride in
	stupidity shit i ever heard of along with the campus security guy.

	its stupid.

	for some reason i dont think im expelled.

the campus security also said it was an engineering professor who called them
into the building which has its own security who knows the engineers which
called and said i was there tresspassing. It was about 10 or 100PM, and the
building is 24hours a day for engineers for the most part because of how hard we
have to work on our projects. I am also a computer engineer specializing in
embedded systes, so maybe PSU engineering can explain that to the government and
campus security and the cops and how me going around the school finding projects
to do doesnt always mean im programming on my computer.


Uhh... they couldnt say who called them in because it was homeland security. It
definitly wasnt PSU or a professor or engineering security, they called me a
total fucking idiot and tried to tell an engineer that being smart was stupid
and i was going to get killed by them etc.


sooooo....

cant bullshit an engineer, and yeah, so who called campus security and i told
the security at PSU engineering to call the cops and they had one cop working
for someland security and the only reason they didnt pull was because of the
	cops who would on him and me calling it out saying he was planning on
	shooting me if i wasnt ready out the door in 5 min flat because he
	literallt said he would physically hard me the engineer at the
	engineering school for being at the engineering school and being upset
	they were tryin to break the last possession i have todo engineering
	work which is my computer.


hm.... Gotta expect something from an engineer at an engineering school where
the security doesnt even know how the cops and security gaurds got access to the
building because they didnt go through security to get in.

Uhm...

Yeah...

This was like a week ago.
